---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: service
title: Domestic & Abroad ATM Solutions
subtitle: We help you through the selection of your machine, installation, and programming. We also provide a full and extensive training program. Call us to learn more.
imageURL: images/pic10.jpg
imageAltText: Blog Image
---

## Are you interested in making some extra money?

How about this... every person who withdraws money from an ATM, you will earn profits from the surcharges. You set the surcharge price, you make the money. Also, with cash in hand studies show customers will spend more money in your store, which will save you money on credit card processing fees. It’s a win-win!

{% include atm-services-extra.html %}

{% include button.html link="contact-us" text="Request Merchant Services" %}

### Frequently Asked Questions

#### What are the main reasons I could benefit from owning or leasing my own ATM?
* Allows your customers access to their available cash from their debit, bank and credit cards.
* Keeps your customers in-house so they don’t leave your location to get cash from a different ATM nearby.
* Increases retail sales by up to 50% of the amount withdrawn from your ATM.
* Reduces or eliminates the need to accept checks.
* Reduces credit card usage and credit card fees and expenses.
* Generates store traffic from walk by traffic.
* Increases your customer satisfaction and loyalty.
* Best of all; receive surcharge revenue for every transaction.
* Are there any monthly charges or hidden monthly fees for my new ATM?
* No hidden fees, no monthly fees, no per transaction charges for transaction processing. The only long term fees you will have will be for the dedicated phone line, electricity and keeping it stocked with cash and receipt paper, which we provide for free for life.* (as long as you process your transactions with us, we will supply free receipt paper for life.)
{: .checked-list}

#### What’s included with each ATM purchase or ATM lease?
* Free Shipping & Installation.
* Free ATM Lighted Neon Sign.
* Free ATM Lighted Topper.
* Free Online Web Reporting.
* Free Receipt Paper For Life.
* Free Processing – No Fees.
{: .checked-list}

#### When, and how much can I be paid with my own ATM?
Once the new ATM has been in service for one month, you will receive a detailed monthly report that details the total number of transactions, total cash dispensed and total surcharge revenue earned for the month. You will make 100% of the surcharge revenue generated by your ATM (automated teller machine). ATM Experts will mail out monthly residual checks along with your detailed statement summary on the 20th of each month.

#### How do I load my ATM?
Once your ATM is installed – you will be trained on the procedure of loading cash into your new ATM machine. Your money will be re-deposited back into the bank account of your choice on a daily basis as customers withdraw cash from your ATM. During the regular work week, your cash will be re-deposited back into your account within 24-48 hours from the time it was withdrawn from the ATM. All weekend transactions which include Friday, Saturday and Sunday, will be deposited the following Tuesday.

#### How much revenue can I expect to generate from an ATM placement?
That generally depends on the amount of foot traffic your location has on a daily basis. The rule of thumb goes like this. 3% – 5% of the foot traffic that actually sees the ATM machine will use the ATM. So let’s figure that you have a total of 300 people a day coming through your doors, and let’s say that you are charging a $2.25 surcharge per valid withdrawal. If you take the middle road that 4% of the people that see the ATM machine will use it. Then you can count on your new automated teller machine to generate you a minimum of 360 transactions per month at $2.25 per valid withdrawal. That comes out to $810 per month or a total of $9,720 per year. All that from one ATM machine at one location.

{% include button.html link="contact-us" text="Request ATM Services" %}